Good evening, family.
Thank you for joining me again tonight.
Let's pray.
We're going to pray and go over some of the things the Lord showed us in this last video.
I don't like touching a lot of that because it was really dark.
A lot of the things the Lord showed us last night concerning the occult and the things the Lord was showing us about Cuba—that was after it was over, I went over and told Braden, "That was some very demonic stuff that I saw last night concerning the leader of Cuba and what he was doing and even what he was trying to do towards our president through witchcraft.
" The Lord was showing me that stuff, I believe, to protect us and for us to pray for President Trump.
I believe totally that the body of Christ has the authority of the believer, where we are as believers to stand in the gap, to stand as watchmen, and to stand as prayer warriors to pray for this nation.
We pray over our nation so that we can change things, and I believe wholeheartedly that's why we're here.
But first off, I want to give all glory to God, and we're so thankful that he would use us for such a time as this.
We dedicate this YouTube broadcast to you, Father, and this church service.
We call our prayer gathering tonight blessed; we call our prayer gathering whole, and Father, we thank you, Lord, that you're here in the midst of us.
We're so grateful, Father, that you've called us to the kingdom for such a time as this.
I thank you, Father, that we are uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
I plead the blood over the internet connection, over all of it, that it's not disrupted by anything.
I thank you, Lord, that it flows and it won't have any cutouts of the sound.
Father, we pray over our sound; we pray over the airwaves.
Father, I thank you for YouTube; we thank you, Father, that we have this platform where we can come on here and pray.
We're so grateful for what you've given us, Father, to be able to use in these end times; before, not even 20 or 30 years ago, everybody had to pray on their own in their own churches.
But now we can all come together throughout the whole world, over 130,000 people plus a day, and pray for the nations as a family—every tribe, every tongue.
Isn't that wonderful that God gave us this opportunity?
And that's just one channel, let alone the others that God has brought in where they all pray together just like we do.
So in other languages, because they can't speak English, it's amazing what God has done.
Last night we had over 70 salvations on this channel, and I just want to give God the glory for it.
Ladies and gentlemen, people are coming in by the boatloads right now.
You say small boatloads, but it's a little ferry boat.
But hey, they're coming in—70 people.
Diana said, 'Brandon, that was a good altar call last night you all had.
' And so I just want to give God praise for that.
Braden hasn't translated it into Spanish and all the others yet.
He's doing it right now, though.
The Spanish channel is about ready to have its content and all the others.
Braden, it takes a little bit for the translation because he has to do each one.
They're about ready to go live from last night's video, and they'll get tonight's video tomorrow.
Isn't that wonderful?
I believe that we're raising up a generation of prayer warriors.
I believe that there are people who have never known how to pray, who now know how to jump in the rivers like never before.
And it's exciting.
Prayer has been a passion of mine for a long time now.
Since I've been 16 years old, I've been listening to Lynn Hammond and Lucy McKee.
I believe that's her last name.
She went home to be with the Lord back in 2014 or 2015, somewhere in there—I don't remember.
But learning from some of these generals of the faith, learning from some of these generals who have taught us prayer.
And so I try to give you what I have and the little bit I know.
And I'm so thankful that you would join me and pray with us like you all do.
And so we're going to pray over our nation again tonight.
We're going to pray over President Trump.
The Lord today in my own prayer time showed me a shaking coming even in the spiritual climate of the White House.
And I thought that was interesting.
The Lord showed me in this shaking that's about to take place even in the White House with certain key figures that speak into him.
And the Lord said he's bringing new faces.
There'll be new faces coming to the White House.
There'll be new spiritual advisors and people with ministries that have not been common.
He said, 'I'm bringing new faces, Brandon, and I'm going to bring in accurate prophetic people to stand around him that have a backbone like a crowbar that if he asks a question, if he is ever inclined to ask a question, they'll not bow down to his position.
' They'll say, "Exactly," because they fear God.
They fear God more than they fear the president.
They won't bow down to a political position; they'll only bow down to the Lord Jesus Christ, for He is King of Kings.
We honor the office of the president, but we give total reverence and glory to the Lord Jesus Christ.
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm thankful for our president, but he needs people right now to really uplift him.
From what I have seen over the last 24 hours, there is a great attack against him in the spirit realm.
And I truly believe we're called to the kingdom right now to pray for this man to finish, lifting him on our shoulders, picking him up, and carrying him across the finish line.
Many people don't realize—I'm telling you this clearly and I want to say this—shame on the Republicans if you are not voting for the Clarity Act.
What's wrong with you?
That's what I have to say to these politicians: What's wrong with you?
The Clarity Act, to be able to implement something where you have to have voter ID, etc.
, is to keep fraud out of our country, and you RINOs are blocking it.
What's wrong with you?
What are you hiding?
What is your goal here that you're bypassing this?
We have a window.
We have a window to get this done.
And I'm telling you, I see a changing of the guard concerning the midterm elections.
And if we don't get this right with the window God has given us—and I believe a lot of it—we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities and powers and spiritual wickedness in high places.
I get that.
But at the same time, there's a lot of so-called believers for whom it should be a no-brainer to pass this—what is it?
Not the Clarity Act.
What is that, right?
Save America?
Save America Act?
Right, Save America.
Yes, clarity in voting.
Yeah, that's what I want to make sure I'm quoting right because you'll have 'Sister Clipboard' blowing up the emails: 'You called it wrong.
' I'm like, 'Okay, sorry.
' Save America, whatever.
Voting, and this is so important that we get this done.
President Trump has a mission.
And for most of these people, you know, to have illegals come across the border and vote in an election when they're not even American citizens—and they, of course, want to vote Democrat because the Democrats are for destroying the country.
And I'm going to tell you, it takes people to have a backbone like a crowbar and vote for what's right.
And I told you, even Pam Bondi and these people that I've been praying for, who I believe have bounties on their heads and the Lord told us we need to pray for these people, but a lot of people are cowards.
The Lord used the word 'coward' majorly today with me.
He said there are a lot of cowards right now in political positions who will not stand for what is right.
They are squandering a window that I have given them to give America more time and a better foundation for this storm that is trying to take place.
Because they have not stood for what is right, they have only a little bit more time.
It is coming down to the wire.
It is like a thin little wire, like a string.
Here we have the rest of March, just barely.
We are almost to spring, and on Thursday, we have the rest of March, April, May, June, July, August, September, October, and November.
We have about nine months left, if that—not even that, because it is not all of November.
So, basically, eight months and a couple of days to get things done, and yet they are squandering it away.
We cannot even agree on keeping our airports safe and passing a budget so that our TSA workers get a full paycheck.
And so that was the Lord's word: 'Pray for these people.
' Pray for the safety of your nation.
You do not realize the doors.
That is why I told you a house divided cannot stand.
Remember what the Lord said?
He told us there was a lie being spread.
I saw a civil war trying to break out in our nation.
It was not like the South and the North, like it was when Abraham Lincoln was running the show.
We are talking about AR-15s and people with automatic weapons doing some crazy stuff.
I am telling you, I have seen this civil war more than once now, with a great divide trying to come upon this nation.
The Lord said that is why he is holding the body of Christ accountable for praying for President Trump, his cabinet, and the decisions.
This man has demonic pressure on him like you would not believe from the deep state and all these evil people.
I believe we have to rise up like never before, even tonight, in prayer.
I will try to keep this really short, but the Lord said, 'I am going to expose great darkness and great corruption in California that will make Minnesota look like a cakewalk, like a little walk in the park.
' I am telling you, there is more corruption in California than even what is going on in Minnesota.
The Lord said, 'Pray for the young man.
Pray for this young man who wears hoodies all the time.
I do not know his name, but he is exposing darkness.
You must pray for protection around his life.
' "For he will shed light on things that they don't want light shed on.
" He told us that how many weeks ago?
Nick Shirley—thank you.
Nick Shirley is exposing more darkness, and the Lord said, "You think Minnesota was bad?
Los Angeles and these areas of Gavin are worse.
" He said there is much more darkness than you can ever comprehend.
He said, "Great darkness is in New York.
" And he showed us certain cities.
He talked about Philadelphia and some of these other places.
But you know what?
As my son said today, Nick Shirley is releasing videos of darkness in Los Angeles and these other areas, exposing some of this darkness.
He's just barely walking in and exposing a little bit of stuff.
But I'm trying to warn you all here.
"What is this right here, son?
" "He's walking; it's a 40-minute thing.
" Well, you'll have to check it out.
He has an X post.
Nick Shirley on X is exposing the darkness in California.
I didn't get to watch Cue the Fire Guy today.
He always has some kind of news.
Braden always tells me what Jay Bravo says.
I didn't get to watch Jay Bravo before we did this broadcast.
He always tries to watch it and see what he's saying about the news.
He always says, "Cue the fire.
" But Nick here—this is exactly what the Lord said he was going to do.
He said there's great darkness in this.
Gavin Newsom, because he is part of the elite—I saw a purple cape over this man and he had a mask on his face, and the Lord said, "Do you see?
He's part of the Illuminati, this Illuminati of people that are protected.
" It's like they're untouchable no matter how much darkness comes on him.
They're exposing it; it seems like, "Where's the law?
" If it was one of us, we'd be in prison for the rest of our lives.
But some of these people, you go, "Why are you okay to get away with some of this stuff?
You are bad, right?
" And so you see some of these things happening and being exposed like here, and you go, "Whoa, what is going on with all this?
Why are these people getting away with this?
" Because we live in a fallen world.
There's a lot of corruption, and the people who are in power—the judges and the people—are corrupt, too.
So, I saw him slithering on his belly like a snake, and he was trying to go to the White House.
But as he was going, he was slithering from California to Washington, D.
C.
in the days ahead.
I saw Booker and other people who were going to try to rise up to be the presidential nominee in 2028 for the Democratic party, slithering like a snake and licking the dirt as he went.
The Lord said, 'There's great darkness here.
' So we pray for California because the Lord said, 'I'm bringing great revival to Hollywood, and in the Hollywood Hills of, there will be great revival in celebrity homes and they'll have Bible study.
' He said, 'The glory of the Lord will show up in these Bible studies.
' I saw the glory of God shine throughout the Hollywood Hills and over Beverly Hills, and the glory of the Lord was going to save him.
He said, 'Because I'm going to shake California.
' Well, all glory to God.
We see here is a forty-minute video.
Are you showing them that?
You can watch it; I won't play his video because there's too much of it there to see, but there's great corruption.
From what Braden has told me, I'm going to go over what I saw last night, but I want you to tell me.
He was just going over seeing his house.
Who's the daycare?
He's doing it again.
He's doing the daycares, like the Somalian corruption up there with all the fake daycares.
There's fake daycares all in California, too, taking millions of dollars and all the things they're doing, and they don't have any kids in them.
It's pretty bad.
It's just like the Lord said, but he's just barely scratching the surface of this from what the Lord showed me.
I want you to show when we were praying for Cuba last night; we were calling for a shaking of the nation.
We were calling for a major shaking of that nation for a revival, for the presence of the Lord to show up and do all the things.
And as we were praying in the middle of the prayer last night, the walls began to shake.
They had an earthquake right on the tip of where I saw that man leaving.
We'll go over that.
Do you see this?
They had a 5.
5 earthquake in the exact spot I saw in the spirit when we were praying at PM.
We were interceding for Cuba last night, and a major earthquake happened in the exact spot I told you he was going to try to escape from the island.
Isn't that amazing?
Twenty-two miles from Cuba, right out in the water right there.
I don't know; I thought it was cool that it happened in the time we were praying.
Are they seeing it?
Yeah, now they can see it.
Okay, well, you've got to let me know when it's there because I'm talking and trying to— Yeah, no, I just put it up while you were talking.
All right, right off the coast.
And I couldn't understand why, when I was looking in the spirit last night, I said he's not going to Jamaica; he's going to go to the Dominican Republic.
And I saw him last night.
I'll go over the visions of what I saw.
I saw that man had a double.
He had somebody that looked like him that was not him.
He was a counterfeit.
Basically, he was a person who had a mask on.
This person was walking around like him but was not him, and he was hidden.
And the Lord kept talking and saying, 'These watchers, these scouters'—what I want to call them—'the secret intelligence, don't let them get deceived by the real versus the fake.
' And I was praying over this exposing of this fake man.
I saw him trying to do these appearances, and he was fake.
Now, I don't know—like I said, this sounds like some Hollywood stuff—but it's what I saw, and I just bring it to you that there was like a stunt double.
I could see this man, but as I was watching this, I saw the real guy underneath this ground and there was a concrete-looking altar that had all these weird candles and these weird artifacts on it.
But President Trump's photo was in a golden-looking frame, and he had his blue jacket with the white shirt and the red tie, just like he always wears.
And he was in this photo that was a pretty big size.
It was on this table that looked like an altar.
There was some kind of weird demonic stuff all over it.
There were bowls on this table—two bowls that were placed.
And there was a dead chicken off to the side, and he was using the blood from the chicken.
And I don't like talking about this, but I'm telling you what I saw.
And he was dumping that chicken's blood in a bowl.
He was doing stuff with this bowl.
He was stirring something with this weird-looking dagger-knife.
He was stirring stuff up and he was adding stuff to this.
But he was doing it towards our president on a photo as these things were on this—there was a crown-looking thing and it started to levitate by itself on this table as I'm watching this.
And his face started to growl and morph, and his face turned into a dog, shapeshifter stuff.
And as he was doing this thing with these candles and this weirdness with this demonic thing on this altar, his face started to turn into a dog.
I saw his nose turn really long, and his face and his body structure of his skull started to morph; he had a long nose and started to have weird-looking teeth.
I don't know what this was; I'm just telling you what I saw, and it was demonic.
As I was watching this, I saw a man in the corner that had a headdress on with deer horns, and he had a tiki-looking skirt with no shirt and paintings on his body.
The paintings looked like red and black paintings on his body.
And he was doing something with his feet like he was stomping.
He was stomping, and they were doing this little stomping dance in this little thing.
I could see all this; I was watching this all happening.
But they were doing it towards our president.
And the Lord said, "Pray for Trump.
Pray for Trump.
Keep strife out.
Cover him in the blood.
" I said, "Okay, I can see it.
" So then I could see gold, and there were rooms full of gold.
I could see gold coins, gold bars, and all this gold in the room.
I was like, "What is all this gold?
" If you go back and watch it, you hear me talking about it.
I saw there was gold all inside under this, but there were pallets of $100 bills that were like four feet tall, three feet tall, big stacks of $100 bills on pallets.
And all of a sudden, I saw a periscope come up out of the water by Florida.
All of a sudden, two smoky stacks came up out of this choo choo and went in and caused a major thing happening.
Two periscopes, two things.
When this took place, it made the stunt double burn like an incineration.
And all that was left was ashes.
No DNA was left.
It looked like an incineration, this whole place.
He was on a boat outside where that earthquake took place,.
I'm telling you, it's right where I saw, ladies and gentlemen.
He went on a boat where the earthquake was and he had $100 bills all inside of that boat, running as fast as he could to this.
I saw a private jet in the Dominican Republic.
A private jet was waiting.
He got in the private jet and he flew to Mexico and he was on a compound and Claudia was protecting him.
It was a beautiful place.
I saw people serving him drinks.
I saw people giving him food.
I could watch him as they headed on the trays and they were bringing it before him, and he was looking at the ocean.
The ocean was beautiful.
I could see turquoise water.
He was at a resort, being protected by the Mexican government.
He was sitting there, and I saw him on the phone, talking.
He had bodyguards all around him.
He wore a white linen shirt, white linen pants, and black sandals.
He was sitting in a lawn chair, eating grapes, fruit, and things being brought to him at a resort.
I watched all of this; it was very clear.
As I saw him leave, I saw Cuba again.
I could see Cuba with a new SeaWorld.
It had roller coasters in it and places for celebration, holiday travel, and vacations.
Resorts started popping up with beautiful hotels on the beach and new construction.
I could see a new SeaWorld, and they called it a Southern Caribbean development.
They put this there, and I saw Shamu, killer whales, and things like we have in San Antonio and Orlando.
It was a beautiful place.
The roller coasters were there, and I could see blue roller coasters and amusement park rides coming to Cuba with a new economic development.
I saw Ford in big letters on signs, with our automobile industry going to Cuba to sell trucks, cars, and SUVs—things that were there in the future for the development of Ford Rangers, trying to bring the auto industry to Cuba.
I saw Ford everywhere.
There was a lot to those visions last night.
But as I saw the body of Christ rise up in Cuba last night, I saw metal buildings that looked like an old grocery store or an Ace Hardware store in America.
It was like a blank slate with a stage, and I saw people filling these with white tile—the cheap sticky tile you put down in grocery stores that you polish with wax.
I could see the white tiles and metal folding chairs all throughout this building, full of Cuban people.
They were on the stage, having worship with guitars, pianos, and drums, giving God praise.
There were probably five or six thousand people in this building.
And I saw them in Cuba being raised up like megachurches all throughout Cuba with major congregations, and they were all celebrating Jesus.
Some of them had flags and were twirling them, celebrating Jesus and their freedom.
They were celebrating what God had done; some of them were crying and weeping before the Lord because they were no longer bound by a dictator.
I could see it again: they were worshiping Jesus.
Things changed quickly; financial blessing.
Now they said, "Do you agree with smoking cigars, Brandon?
" I didn't tell you I agree—I don't agree with smoking anything—but I tell you what I saw.
I saw cigar factories all over the place, and they were being shipped to America, Europe, Africa, and China in boatloads because there was so much production of this stuff on a greater, higher level.
Now, I don't know if Europe already has all that; I don't know if Africa already has it.
I'm telling you where it was and what I saw, Braden.
I saw arrows coming out to Canada and these places, coming out of factories; it looked like Indiana Jones, how it goes from place to place when he travels in the movie.
That's the way it was coming out of these factories in Cuba, and it became a big business.
Cigars—I thought it was interesting, like global trade with cigars.
Now, do I think smoking cigars is good?
No, I'm telling you what I saw.
So, I thought that was interesting.
I think that's it, right?
Yeah.
He saw burning.
I don't know what that was.
What is it?
Like, what do you call it?
I'm sorry...
cremation.
Yeah, I told him; I said incinerates him.
Okay, cremation.
Yeah, and he saw gold coins and all that.
Yeah, he saw Taiwan.
I saw all that.
And then the Lord told me we should pray for Taiwan.
I saw Taiwan and a plan that was coming about from China to do just like what we did to Venezuela in the middle of the night.
And the Lord said they're devising a plan, Xi Jinping right now, to take Taiwan, and in this, it will be just like Venezuela.
But as I was praying, I saw Australia and other nations that were fussy about it.
It was not like, "We'll send aid, we'll send this, we'll send whatever.
" It didn't look like a lot of rebuttal.
What I want to say is I was praying for the de-escalation of World War III in Asia.
The one who was the most upset about it was South Korea.
The most upset after that was Japan and those other Asian nations.
China took it in the vision.
It looked like China took it effortlessly, but as I saw it, I'm still praying that it will not happen.
I'm still praying this will not happen, but I saw it again.
It looked like it was just something that was boom, boom, boom.
This is why I pray against attacks on Hawaii, because I kept seeing Hawaii, Honolulu being hit to make it where our military people can't go over and help out of Hawaii.
Praying over these things, there's still a lot there.
There's a lot of things, and in this, I was bouncing around, but most of the vision last night was praying over Cuba in the darkness in the still of the night.
A new chapter will come out of darkness.
A new chapter is about to come forth, a new beginning.
A new era of time is coming for the Cuban people.
The same with the Venezuelans, the same with, I believe in the days ahead, Mexico and Colombia.
There's going to be shaking in these nations.
But right now, I believe with all my heart, we could see this tomorrow.
We could see this Sunday, Monday, whatever.
I'm just telling you, I just feel in my heart it's about to happen.
Could it be a year from now?
It could.
I don't believe it will be.
It's everything the Lord has showed us about the darkness.
He said it will happen in darkness.
And if you go back and watch my old videos, the Lord warned us countless times it will happen in darkness.
They will shut down the grid in Cuba.
I have video after video after video talking about the grid will shut down.
America will use cyber warfare against Cuba and turn off their lights.
The Lord told us this.
How many times did the Lord tell us that they would turn off their lights in the middle of the night and there would be an invasion?
There'll be these things coming.
We have to pray for them, our troops, to liberate the people of Cuba in the days ahead.
I appreciate you all helping me pray over that.
The other part was praying over this Iranian conflict, praying over our military bases.
I saw again a surprise attack coming to Israel in the middle of the night that will be worse than October 7th.
The Lord said they're devising a plan with Hezbollah to retaliate with this surprise warfare, with chemical biological warfare in the middle of the night against Israel.
It will not be with rockets.
I saw some kind of thing they were using like a crop duster, and I saw a biological attack coming out of the Damascus area against the Israeli people, and the Lord said this will be worse than October the 7th.
And I said, "Pray for Israel.
Pray for the peace of Jerusalem.
Pray for the innocent bystanders and the civilians that are there.
It would not be just missiles.
" I saw megaton missiles that were bigger being brought to them.
China gives them new weapons in the days ahead.
I saw this, though I don't know how they would get them.
I mean, we usually think you'd blow them out of the sky if they were bringing them on planes, but I saw secret weapons coming somehow.
I don't know.
As the Strait of Hormuz is going to be barred, I saw it being shut down.
I saw boats on fire.
I saw a major conflict happening in this Strait, and Pakistan gets involved in the days ahead.
It got more and more as this happened.
Remember what the Lord said: it happens for a window.
A window doesn't last very long.
A window is small.
A door is big.
The Lord didn't say a door; he said a window.
This conflict in this area will be a window and it will be short-lived.
And in doing so, he said Trump will say, "Drill, baby, drill.
" And he will open up new pipelines that have been closed.
He will open up new things for strategic oil reserves throughout America to bring the petrodollar to where it needs to be.
And I saw our economy pumping oil with fracking and all kinds of things.
We're going to become the oil capital of the world.
Lifting some of these bans on "Hey, you can't drill here, you can't drill here"—by the law of the land, we're saying we can.
So when I told you all that, what did Gavin say today?
"You can't touch the oil.
" And there was an oil line.
And he said, "We lost how many barrels of oil out of it?
" We're opening up again, and there's oil just like the Lord said.
President Trump's going to open up pipelines.
There is one in California Gavin's freaking out about: "You're not opening it.
It leaked oil and we condemned it in 2015.
" And now we're opening it up again.
He says, "Right.
Do you have the article?
It goes with what the Lord showed me.
" So we see those things happening.
So will we see "drill, baby, drill"?
I believe with all my heart, and I believe you're going to see it in Gaza.
I believe you're going to see it in all kinds of places.
And we're going to see Israel and America be buddies with oil, gas, and money.
Watch what happens.
For the people in Oklahoma, maybe we'll have another oil boom.
It makes our economy good because that's what our main thing is here in Oklahoma.
The 1980s in Tulsa was an oil-booming city.
Do you have it?
Is that right?
Play it.
I want to show them, and then I want to start praying.
So, what the Lord said is what I'm trying to tell you.
All glory to Jesus.
Energy Secretary Chris Wright ordered the reopening of an offshore oil operation and pipeline in California.
The Santa Ynez unit operates off the coast of Santa Barbara.
However, it had a major shakeup in 2015.
Its pipeline ruptured and spilled nearly 3,000 barrels of oil into the Pacific Ocean.
Wright's order came hours after President Trump invoked the Defense Production Act on Friday.
In response, California Governor Gavin Newsom said it's illegal because multiple court orders have forbidden the restarting of this pipeline.
The Energy Department says the order will address supply disruption risks and reduce reliance on foreign oil.
According to the Energy Information Administration, the US has been a net exporter of oil since 2019.
Energy Secretary Chris Wright ordered.
Isn't that amazing?
It's just like the Lord said.
Jesus is wonderful.
He tells us what's coming in the news before it happens.
It's pretty neat.
So, you know how many people say, 'Brandon, you work for Mossad'?
How dumb is that?
I've had more people say that lately.
'We know you're in Israeli special intelligence, Brandon.
' And I'm like, y'all are smoking some bad weed.
I mean, seriously, you're smoking some real bad weed.
I don't work for Israeli intelligence.
I'm not a part of American intelligence.
I pray for our president.
So, get off your bad weed.
Don't smoke that stuff.
It's making you sick.
It's bad for you.
Don't smoke that stuff, or crack or whatever else you're smoking.
All right, let's pray.
You want to pray with me?
I was so excited how many people got born again last night.
Wasn't that wonderful?
We had seventy-some people.
Seventy!
Isn't that wonderful?
I just go, Jesus is so amazing that he would use a little YouTube channel.
Here we are.
People come and they give their hearts to Jesus Christ because they're curious about what's coming in the future.
'If I be lifted up, he'll draw all men in.
' I believe with all my heart we're seeing just the beginning.
We're seeing just a little bit of spring forth of growth when the Lord said, 'I'll make you known throughout the whole world, Brandon.
Like a Billy Graham, you'll bring them in.
Brandon, tell them I'm coming.
' And I told him, 'I'll do it.
' And you always know when you're doing right because you get persecuted the hardest when you're bringing in souls.
And as I told everybody—and I say this, I shouldn't have said some things I've said about saying that if you don't lead people to Jesus that you're a false prophet.
I know there are some people that have really good hearts, but I don't ever really give an excuse to ministries not leading altar calls and giving people an opportunity to accept Jesus Christ.
I even called them false prophets, and I shouldn't have said that that day.
I was really bold about it and even said, 'Ministers and pastors, you're not real pastors if you're not leading people to Jesus.
' And I come against the church, and the Lord always corrects me.
He says, 'You need to watch how you say things and walk in love, Brandon.
You need to walk in love.
' And I come across probably as a jerk a lot of times on certain things I say, but I truly mean in my heart you should be getting people saved.
I don't know why you wouldn't.
What does it hurt you to give a five-minute altar call, pastors?
Well, I don't know.
'Well, I know everybody in here.
' Five minutes.
It just takes a couple minutes to give people an opportunity.
Maybe they're not right with the Lord and you believe you're just expecting them to be right, and you don't ever give them an opportunity to change.
You don't give them an opportunity to make a choice.
There are so many mega churches where maybe, you know, one thing about the church where we used to go to, he gave an altar call every single week.
And I'd go back and count all the people who got saved, and we would get truckloads of people saved.
Truckloads every week.
Sometimes we'd get over 150 to 600 in a big revival service or whatever.
They would come in and we'd bring them in from downtown.
So, they had a women's ministry that went to the strip clubs and they would talk to the strippers and to the people there, and they would try to get the strippers saved.
I believe they called it Daughters of Eve or something like that.
I don't remember, but they were always trying to reach the lost, always trying to get people out of the pit of hell.
And I respect that about a church.
I'll support you until the cows come home if you're getting people saved.
Give people an opportunity to make a choice.
I remember what it was like to be lost.
I remember being on the verge.
If I would have died, I would have gone to hell.
Living in the world, you think, 'Oh, you know, I'm going to live in sin.
You're going to do all this stuff.
I'm just going to make it.
' No, you have to be separate.
Now, I'm going to tell you, I know grace covers a multitude of sins.
I get it.
But you don't deliberately bathe in sin and say, 'I'm going to live this way and have a good time.
' Be holy as I am holy, and you try.
God forgive me, but I believe a real ministry in these last days should be a soul-winning ministry.
I challenge every person who's watching here: if you have a ministry, if you have a platform to give people an opportunity to accept Jesus Christ as Lord and personal savior, you're going to be held accountable for it.
I truly believe that you're going to stand before the Lord, and He's going to look at you and say, 'Why did you never give My people a time?
Why did you never give an opportunity?
Why did you do that?
' 'Well, you know what?
It wasn't popular.
I was embarrassed.
I was ashamed.
' If you're ashamed to speak His name, He won't speak your name before the Father.
I truly believe it's time for us to become radical and get ready for His coming.
It's time.
We have to wake up.
We're running out of time.
But yet, there are so many people that act like it's just life as normal.
They don't even really act like there's anything different.
All around them, they keep doing the same thing, expecting different results.
But they don't even try to get people saved.
They don't care.
Well, you know, if we had a guest come—I guess we had one person that came to our service that was new—but evangelism is the major way.
Evangelism is the only way.
I believe you get the evangelist coming; that's why there's a five-fold ministries.
The evangelist brings the newcomers in, and the pastor keeps them.
You know, you have to disciple these people.
And I'm telling you, they're coming in by the big freightliner loads.
It's not going to be these little bitty ones, like throwing a pole out and reeling one in.
I'm talking massive shrimping boats full of people with big old nets.
They're coming.
What will you do?
Will you help Him?
The harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few, ladies and gentlemen.
He's the Lord of the harvest, and I just want to challenge you all to really wake up.
And so if I come across critical to YouTubers or to prophetic channels or whatever and say, 'If you're not leading people to Jesus, you're a false prophet,' I say it out of frustration and I apologize to people when I say it.
I shouldn't come across so rude.
It doesn't make you a false prophet for not leading people to Jesus; it just makes you lazy.
It's time to get radical and serious about the Lord.
But I want to pray tonight.
Let's pray for the lost.
Let's pray for whatever He has for us to pray for.
I am grateful that nothing happened today on St.
Patrick's Day.
We had all the parades.
Everything went off without a hitch, and I don't see that anybody got hurt.
So, I'm so thankful for that.
We didn't have any terrorist attacks today.
There weren't any lone-wolf shooters.
How many times have we come out of this, and we're victorious every time, right?
We believe that we will always cover our nation in prayer as praying, believing believers—not begging believers, but believing believers who believe that God is who He says He is and that Psalm 91 is ours.
No hexes or vexes will come nigh any of us.
Do you understand that?
When they send the hexes and the vexes, they fall to our feet, but the devils they sent go back on them.
Every single one of them.
The people who believe in witchcraft the most—you cannot curse whom God has blessed.
A thousand shall fall at my side and ten thousand at our right hand, but nothing shall come nigh me.
So all the hexes and the vexes, they fall at my feet.
And the demons that you thought you controlled turn back on you.
They turn back on you.
And I pray for you.
I pray for you because you touch not God's anointed and you do no prophets any harm.
I truly believe with all my heart He provides protection over His people.
He said He would give His angels charge over us, and they bear us up in their hands lest we dash our foot against a stone.
So the hexes and the vexes, the satanic wizardry, the witchcraft—all the things that try to come against you—and no, it does not bear fruit in me because of the blood of Jesus.
We make much of the blood.
We make much of this covenant.
We anoint ourselves with oil, and it makes much of us—the blood that never loses its power.
We pray for you to get saved.
We pray for you to turn from your wicked ways.
The devil has deceived you.
You believe he'll reward you in his kingdom.
You believe he'll give you prosperity.
You believe if you sell your soul to him and drink chicken blood or cat blood or whatever you're doing with the blood of the innocent, it's going to give you more power.
It's going to give you a coven, and you're going to get to do all these things.
But the bottom line is, the moment you die, you're going to spend eternity in hell, and he's going to laugh at you.
He's going to laugh at you because you were so deceived.
The very spells you cast with hexes and vexes and the things you do—the devils that you sent out come back on you.
So I don't understand that automatically doesn't show love.
God is love, and he loves you, and he wants you to turn from your wicked ways.
He wants you to repent of your sins.
"Seek first the kingdom, and all these things will be added unto you.
" The very devil that you think you can control will soon drag your soul to hell.
You don't control no devil.
They're playing you.
And you think every single time that you do these things against Christians, and you try so hard to destroy churches and all this stuff, it gives you a power trip.
But the very bottom line is the Lord shows me.
He said, "Brandon, I love every single one of them.
I died for every single one of them.
" All those that are practicing occultic witchcraft, voodoo, and sorcery—all these demonic things—he said, "I died for every single one of them.
I love every single one of them.
But they're in rebellion towards me.
" Unless a man is born again, he will not enter into the kingdom of God.
And the devil is never going to overthrow God.
The one that created the devil that fell laughs at the devil.
He laughs at his plans.
He laughs.
But he's lied so much to you because it doesn't take character to be a devil.
All of a sudden, when you surrendered to him and you gave him your soul and all these things happened, he gave you a lot of power really quick because he wants you to kill, steal, and destroy with it.
But God, it takes you to be refined to lay down your life before him as a living sacrifice.
"Jesus, I need you.
I need a savior.
" But peace that passes all understanding belongs to the believer.
The torment that you have every night when you go to bed with the demonic spirits that bother you and give you nightmares and the things that try to wrap around your mind—you don't have to live with that.
Jesus loves you.
He died for you.
And I just pray for every single one of you that come against me, and I say, "I pray for you.
I pray for God to bless you," that you would know him as Lord and personal savior.
There is a day coming when it will be too late for you.
There will be a day when you'll take your last breath.
I heard a nurse say she was in the hospital and she always knows whenever a Christian is in the room.
She was a hospice nurse, and she said the atmosphere when a believer would die would be all in the atmosphere of the hospital, and there would be so much peace and sometimes even a really sweet fragrance.
But when somebody that was in the occult dies or somebody was a witch, there was always a sulfur, rotten-egg smell.
They would sometimes, as they're getting ready to take their last breath, start screaming in agony as the devils were pulling them out of their body and dragging them to hell.
She said, "As I heard that, I went, 'Oh my God.
'" You know, they say when Kathryn Kuhlman passed away, she passed away in Tulsa at the heart hospital.
And they said the whole floor where she was at when she went home filled with the fragrance of roses.
The presence of the Lord filled the whole floor, and all the nurses and the doctors could smell the sweet fragrance of the Holy Spirit, and it smelled like roses through the whole thing.
And I thought, "That's somebody that had a relationship with Him.
That was a friend.
" Fragrance of roses, fragrance of frankincense and myrrh and beautiful fragrances.
Follow those that believe.
When you depart this earth and you give Him your all and you stand before Him—like she always said, "What am I going to do?
I'm going to stand before Him—not that I love Him, He already knows that—I've given Him my all, but say, 'Jesus, I tried.
I did the best I could with what You've given me.
'" That's what I want to do, just like that.
Not that I want to be a parrot, but I want to be able to say, "Jesus, I tried.
I led as many people as I could to You.
I told them about the baptism of the Holy Ghost.
I told them they didn't have to walk in poverty.
I told them they could be blessed according to Deuteronomy 28.
I told them if they give, it shall be given unto them: good measure, pressed down, shaken together, running over.
I told them they could be healed in their body; Lord, they didn't have to have sickness.
I tried.
" But the main thing of all the things that I ever tell you that's coming—I can tell you about Cuba, what the Lord shows me whenever He gives me these things, but I can't control it.
People go, "Brandon, do you have a word for Australia?
Do you not have a word for the Philippines?
You never have this.
" I don't control it.
He only shows me what He wants me to see.
I don't control it.
I see in part, hear in part, and in that moment is what He has for me.
Tell my people this.
Wouldn't it be wonderful if you could just see what you wanted to see, right?
I guess just look over in Africa: "What's going to happen in Africa?
" But that's not—then it would be about me.
It wouldn't be about him; it would have drawn attention to me.
It wouldn't draw attention to him.
It's always about deflecting to him.
If I could control it, if you looked over here at all these investments and things, you'd be richer than Bill Gates.
But the problem is, this is what destroys you.
That kind of stuff destroys you if you're not rooted and grounded in him.
What is it to gain the whole world and to lose your soul?
That's what the Bible says.
But I just want you to know there is a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
And if you're here tonight before we start praying, you tell me, 'Brandon, what you're saying is tugging on my heart.
I just want Jesus Christ tonight.
Could you just pray for me?
' What does it take for God to prove that he loves you?
He gave his life for you; he died on that cross.
He suffered greatly for you to walk a victorious life.
What more does he need to prove to you?
He says, 'I love you; I died for you.
' If you were able to see him face to face right now, you would see his hands, and he has massive holes in his hands.
He has a massive wound in his side.
He has massive holes in his feet.
He has scars from the crown of thorns that was upon his head.
His back took all the stripes, all those lashings, all that for you to walk in victory.
What more could he give?
He loves you, and he has a plan for your life.
So, I just want you to get real with yourself right now and say, 'Brandon, I don't want to live like this anymore.
I don't want to live bound.
I don't want to live broke.
I don't want to live with my marriage in this state.
I'm tired; I just need a rest.
' 'Come unto him, all ye that are heavy laden,' and he said he would give you rest.
Tonight is your night.
You may be in the occult.
You may be on here even trying to curse me.
You may be assigned by Satan himself, being told, 'Go on there, and I want you to try to kill that man.
' But I pray for you, and I love you.
I forgive you because I know you're out there; I know you're watching right now.
But Jesus loves you.
So I want to give you just this little opportunity to turn away from what you're doing.
I want you to accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior.
And the moment you confess him, he'll forgive you.
I forgive you.
Tonight's your night.
Tonight's your night to turn from witchcraft.
Tonight's your night to turn from voodoo.
Tonight's your night.
Jesus loves you.
But you've got to get real with God and you got to cry out for him.
And I want you just to get bold about your decision tonight.
And I want you to put in the comment section right now, 'I need to be saved.
Tonight's my night.
' I've been wayward.
There's some of you that have been wayward.
Some of you that are running from God with everything you have.
And you say to me, 'Brandon, I'm not right with the Lord.
I need help.
Will you pray for me?
' And if I'm talking to you, tonight's your night.
I want to pray for you.
But I want you to tell us here in a minute, 'Tonight's my night to get saved.
' I want to turn and make a new decision.
I want to make a new dedication to Jesus.
So, I'm going to say a simple prayer for you, and I want you to repeat it after me.
Say, 'Jesus, I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
I ask you to forgive me of witchcraft.
I ask you to forgive me of incantations and trying to put voodoo and all these hexes and vexes on people.
Forgive me.
Forgive me for doing the things I've done.
I ask you to wash me.
I ask you to forgive me of my sins and the dedication that I have given to the devil over this last how long?
But as of tonight, I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on the demons that I have served, and I dedicate my life to you, Jesus, to serve you in your kingdom.
Tonight's my night.
I repent of my wicked ways.
Tonight's my night, Lord.
I dedicate my life to you.
I believe you are the Son of God.
And there is no name greater than your name.
I denounce Satan.
I denounce the demons.
And I will not serve them anymore.
I turn my life to you.
I'll serve you, Jesus, with all I have from this day forward.
I ask you to write my name right now in the Lamb's Book of Life.
I break every spiritual contract, every satanic agenda and assignment that I have done.
Any kind of vow that I've made to the devil, I break it right now.
And from this day forward, I vow my life to you, to the King of kings and the Lord of lords.
Satan, I no longer will serve you.
You're under my feet.
Get out of here.
I get rid of all my witchcraft stuff.
Then get rid of all your altars, your stuff, and throw it in the trash right now.
' Your pentagrams, all your stuff.
Everything that was your book of magic, all of it.
Throw it in the trash and say, "I will not serve the devil anymore.
I serve Jesus.
" Now find a Bible-believing church.
I believe you just got saved the moment you confessed Him as Lord of your life.
You repent of your sins.
I believe with all my heart tonight's your night; you got saved.
Now you've got a lot of decisions to make.
You really need to anoint your house with oil.
Get some anointing oil.
Anoint your house with oil.
Anoint yourself with oil and tell all those demons that have possessed you to get out.
Get out.
It's only by His blood; He'll set you free.
And then get a Bible.
We'll send you a Bible for free.
My wife and I just want to love on you.
We'll give it to you.
We'll put it in the mail to you.
You just got to tell us in the email below, "I was the one.
I was the witch.
I was the one that was unsaved coming on your channel tonight and I want to get saved.
I want to get a Bible.
Can you send me a Bible?
" My wife and I will send you that Bible just to love on you.
Welcome home.
Welcome to the family.
Welcome to the kingdom of God.
And if you weren't in the cult and just anybody who got saved tonight, welcome home.
Welcome to the family.
We believe that Jesus Christ set you free for such a time as this.
Find a Bible-believing church.
Get plugged in.
Tell that pastor, "I want to be water-baptized.
" Welcome to the family.
Get plugged in there and watch; your life is going to radically change.
For whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
And we believe in the power of Jesus's blood.
It's so exciting.
I don't know if anybody got born again tonight, but welcome to the family to the ones who did.
Braden says 42 gave their hearts to Jesus Christ tonight.
42.
Welcome home.
All 42 of you that gave your hearts to Jesus Christ.
And so if you were part of the occult and you just got born again, we're excited you're here.
Stick around and pray with us.
You'll learn a lot.
You've learned a lot about the spirit realm.
So, use what you know now against the enemy and help out the believers.
I know there's a lot of people that are just fleeing the cult like crazy, and they're coming to the saving knowledge of Lord Jesus Christ because they're tired of being tormented.
So, welcome home.
Welcome home.
All right.
Well, praise the Lord.
All 42 of you that gave your heart to Jesus Christ tonight, that's awesome.
Praise the Lord.
So, I don't know who that was for, but the Lord specifically said that.
So, I heard it.
All right, let's take a look.
You want to take communion with me and go tubing now?
Is there any of them?
There's 6,600, I guess.
Father, we just thank you for the body.
We thank you, Lord, that your word is strong and it's alive and is sharper than any two-edged sword.
It dwells on the inside of me richly by faith.
I have you, Father.
I dwell with you.
I abide with you and you abide in me.
And as a believing believer, Lord, I thank you, Father, that whatever I desire when I pray, I believe that I receive it, and we shall have it.
Whatsoever things you bind on earth are bound in heaven.
Whatsoever things are loosed on earth are loosed in heaven.
We thank you that heaven and earth are colliding and the glorious church is arising.
And we take this body in the name of Jesus and we apply the blood of Jesus over this.
And we take this and we thank you, Lord, that by your stripes we're healed.
By your stripes we're healed in the name of Jesus.
And we believe we receive it.
Amen and amen.
Lord, we take the blood and we apply the blood of Jesus all around us tonight.
We make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
We thank you, Lord, that it never loses its power.
Great is your faithfulness to us, oh God.
For the Lord, he is good and his mercy endures forever.
Yep.
Whatsoever ye shall bind on earth shall be bound in heaven.
And whatsoever ye shall loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven.
Matthew 18:18.
Thank you for the blood.
We make much of the blood and we apply the blood over us in the mighty name of Jesus.
Thank you, Lord.
We take the blood right now in Jesus' name and we apply it over us and any sin, we cover it.
Amen and amen.
What can wash away my sin?
Oh, and I anoint my head with oil.
And I thank you, Lord, that I hear you uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
I apply the blood over my spiritual eyes and I thank you, Lord, that you show me that which is to come and I plead the blood all around us right now in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that we hear you and we see what you want us to see and we're led by your spirit.
For those that are led by...
Forgive me, the trees are really budding, y'all.
For those who are led by the Spirit of God are the sons of God.
And I believe that we're led by the Spirit tonight.
We believe that we're healed and whole and well.
We believe that we see what you want us to see.
And we're not led by any demonic spirit because, Father, we're flying with you like an eagle, seated with you in the heavenlies, far above all principalities and powers and might.
And we thank you, Lord, for the blood.
We thank you, Lord, that we're free in Jesus' mighty name.
We take it.
We've taken it, and we believe it.
Amen and amen.
Okay.
Ready?
Let's see where he wants us to go tonight.
We have to find the vein.
What can wash away my sin?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can make me whole again?
Oh, precious is the flow that makes me white as snow.
No other fount I know, nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can wash away my sin?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can make me whole again?
Oh, precious is the flow that makes me white as snow.
No other fount I know, nothing but the blood of Jesus.
There is power, power, wonder-working power in the blood of the Lamb.
There is power, power, wonder-working power in the precious blood of the Lamb.
Would you be free from your burden of sin?
There's power in the blood, power in the blood.
I don't know the rest of the song.
Would you be free?
Oh, victory stand.
There's wonder-working power in the blood.
There is power, power, wonder-working power in the blood of the Lamb.
There is power, power, wonder-working power in the precious blood of the Lamb.
Thank you, Jesus.
For what can wash away my sin?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can make me whole again?
Thank you, Braden.
Would you be free from your burden of sin?
There's power in the blood, power in the blood.
Would you a victory win?
There's wonder-working power in the blood.
So it says, "Would you evil a victory win?
" Doesn't that make sense?
Yeah.
Or, "Your victory over evil win.
" There's wonder-working power in the blood.
Okay.
Go down again.
I never knew all the words.
Would you be free from your passion?
Keep going.
You have to scroll.
I already went down.
Okay.
See, this was the first one I went.
I know, but go this way.
No, you've gone way too far.
You have to follow as I sing.
Teleprompter.
Yeah.
This is what she sings.
I'm going to drink this now.
There is power, power, wonder-working power in the blood of the Lamb.
There is power, power, wonder-working power in the precious blood of the Lamb.
Go to number three over there where you were.
This is number two.
Would you be whiter?
Much whiter than snow?
That's a good one.
I didn't know that.
There's power in the blood, power in the blood.
Sin-stains are lost in its life-giving flow.
Never mind, I don't even know how it goes.
I apologize.
Well, we'll get it down.
But Father, we're so grateful for the blood.
We make much of the blood, Lord.
And we know, Father, that if it wasn't for the blood—I know it was the blood, I know it was the blood, I know it was the blood for me.
One day when I was lost, Jesus died on the cross, and I know it was the blood for me.
I believe that's how it goes.
Three days and He arose, three days and He arose, three days and He arose for me.
One day when I was lost, Jesus died on the cross, and I believe this: He's coming back again for me.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, for the blood.
I know it was the blood for me.
One day when I was lost, Jesus died on the cross, and He's coming back again for me.
Lord, You're coming back again for us.
Thank you, Lord.
I know it was the blood.
Yeah, there it is.
I know it was the blood for me.
One day when I was lost, He died upon the cross, and I know it was the blood for me.
I like that beat.
They whipped Him all night long, they whipped Him all night long, they whipped Him all night long for me.
And then you say, 'One day when I was lost, Jesus died on the cross, and I know they whipped Him all night long for me.
' They pierced Him in the side, they pierced Him in His side, they pierced Him in His side for me.
I like it.
Thank you, Jesus, for what You did for us.
Thank you, Jesus.
He never said a mumbling word.
He never said a mumbling word for me.
That's cool.
They don't ever sing all those verses at church.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Father, for it was the blood that set me free.
We give You praise and glory and honor for all that You've done and all that You continue to do.
And we just dip in the river tonight with You.
We praise You, Father, for our President.
Yeah, I see it now.
Thank you, Lord.
I have direction.
Hallelujah.
We praise you, Lord, for direction.
Lord, we pray over the White House.
We pray over spiritual advisors.
I see the people; a changing of faces is coming.
One will step down and more will come up for a changing of things.
There will be more Pentecostals, more Holy Ghost and fire coming, putting strategic prayer warriors around him—one on the front, one on the back, one on the side, and one on the other side.
Strategic prayer warriors are coming to the White House with great spiritual discernment that will have an inroad to speak out, opening doors that no man can open and closing doors that no man can close.
He's talking about the fact of being led by the spirit of God, for only he can open the doors.
He gives you power to get wealth to establish his covenant with you.
He said, 'I'm establishing my covenant with my believing believers, and great and mighty works will you do.
It will look like the sea is standing in your way, and I will lift up your arms that day, and you will cross over into dry land.
It will look like impossible situations, but I say all things are possible to him who believes, and the impossible will become possible as you stretch forth your hands and walk across on dry land, opening the door of great opportunity for greater things that I have in store.
Yeah, there'll be mockers and there'll be haters, but stand up bold with that backbone like a crowbar and take dominion and authority.
For I'm raising up believing believers that will walk in a greater anointing and a greater outpouring.
Don't shy back with lack.
Come up higher.
Come up higher, and he'll give you great opportunity.
I see people that are going to start running for political positions, and the favor of the Lord will be on you.
Leadership roles in politics: mayors, governors, Senate, House, and some sheriffs.
You'll be a sheriff over your towns in voting roles where you will be voted in by my hand of favor.
By his hand of grace, you'll be promoted for such a time as this.
I see senators, House representatives, and key figure positions that will be a great influence in exposing corruption.
For I am bringing in a new wave of political positions.
It's about 1 Corinthians 5:5.
Do you see it?
Some of you will take over major congregations.
There will be a stepping down of leaders and you will be seemingly picked out by my hand.
You say, 'Where did that come from?
' It is by the hand of the Lord.
I have preserved you and I have called you for such a time as this.
And you will step into the place that I have for you, and it will seem like it was overnight.
Just like Joseph in that 24-hour period, he didn't realize he would be second in command of all of Egypt.
He knew the promise and he held on to it.
'It is a cultivation,' the Lord said.
And I see it.
You think, 'Where did this come from?
How did it happen so quickly?
' I see political positions and people in big churches.
I see a major church—probably two or three thousand members—and you just step over and you are the leader of it.
Out of nowhere, the Lord—they're going to vote you in, or however it happens; I don't know, but I see it: God raising up new leaders, new faces.
I even see creative ideas to get wealth—businesses that will come out of nowhere.
An idea that you will have in the middle of the night, and by the end of the year, it will be producing millions of dollars—an idea, witty inventions, supernatural cultivation for greater things.
You will do greater works, for it is the end of the end.
And this will be a sign and wonder around you—signs and wonders for those around you who will say, 'How did this happen?
' And you give all the glory to Him.
There is a doubling and tripling of anointing on people's lives where you seem to be in a rut at this level of influence you have been walking in, and you have been faithful with the little.
The Lord said, 'I am going to double you and then I am going to triple you.
' The manifestation of the glory will flow through you with signs and wonders when you touch people.
They will prophesy and walk in words of knowledge and discerning the spirits, and the manifested presence of God will flow in your meetings, and people will be delivered and set free by My hand.
And I see a greater glory coming on the land.
Hold fast to what I have called you to.
Do not give up; do not get weary in well-doing.
Great leaders are going to rise up in Ireland.
A great revival is coming to Ireland.
There will be Holy Ghost and fire; a refreshing is coming to Ireland, breaking down religious walls, bondages, and strongholds.
And I see a breeze coming to Ireland.
A great and mighty rushing wind of Holy Ghost and fire is going to touch Ireland.
Yep, I see it.
There is a major event—you're going to see it.
Remember the dead man?
I see that dead man rising again.
I see a young person—this group—praying for the dead, and they're going to get back up.
It's going to shock the television community in Ireland; creative things that they won't be able to deny.
God will get all the glory for it, and they're going to say, 'I was once dead, but now I'm alive.
' I see a wave of revival coming to Ireland, with healings and demonstrations of the glory.
Massive church services with guitar-playing instruments and beautiful worship will come forth through Ireland, and it will happen so quickly it'll be seemingly overnight.
What is this?
It'll be in the news; it'll be on social media.
The Lord said, 'I'm bringing revival to Ireland.
I'm bringing revival to Ireland.
' Isn't it interesting?
Because today is St.
Patrick's Day and they celebrate it so strongly, son.
The Lord said, 'I'm bringing revival to Ireland.
' I see these people with red hair.
I see people with red hair like Holy Ghost and fire.
It's funny because this is a woman.
I see this woman with red hair, and she has the Holy Ghost and fire on her.
It's so red; it is what I'm seeing in the spirit.
The red hair will look like it's on fire from the glory on her scalp, on the top of her head.
A flame of fire—I see a flame of the Holy Ghost and fire.
And it's almost like you would see somebody that has lighter fluid; you know how lighter fluid has that blue flame and you can see it?
But as if you put some kind of petroleum jelly on and you could see that blue fire, it doesn't burn.
If you burn your hair, it's going to scorch it.
It'll be crinkle is gone like a chicken when you do this, and it stinks.
But this is holy; this is something in the spirit realm, a representation of the Holy Ghost and fire on this individual, this woman.
And I see her—she's wearing a long dress.
She has a long dress that looks like a patchwork quilt dress that has different pieces on it.
It has an apron, a white thing in the front of it that goes down.
I don't know if this is symbolic, but it looks like a plaid patchwork quilt dress that has an apron in the front that goes clear down to her feet with black shoes and red hair.
A great revival.
A shaking over Ireland.
How big is the population there, son?
Tell me when you find it.
5.
6 million.
We call them all saved in Jesus' name.
There are more people that live in Cuba than there are in Ireland.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that all 5.
6 million people from Ireland will have a major revival.
That's like the population of Oklahoma.
Isn't that interesting, Braden?
Say seven million.
Even Cuba has ten.
Isn't it interesting?
These places the Lord's calling—Ireland saved.
He's calling revival over Cuba.
He's calling these places that seem to be forgotten because they're small in population.
And the Lord is calling these islands; He's calling them saved.
He's calling it in by prayer in Jesus' name.
Ireland will be saved in Jesus' name.
Ireland will be on fire for Jesus.
They're coming to Him.
We're calling them in.
We're calling in the harvest, for the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
We call them in right now.
We take the blinders off of their eyes; there will be a massive harvest of souls all throughout Ireland.
We call the blinders off of their eyes.
What's a big city there?
We thank you, Lord.
We call the harvesters in over Ireland.
Dublin.
We call the harvesters to Dublin.
We thank you, Lord, that You're bringing in the harvesters to Dublin.
We call forth harvesters to you in Jesus' name.
Come forth, Ireland.
We call boldness on the harvesters.
We call boldness in them in Jesus' name.
Calling in the souls—all of them coming into the saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ in the name of Jesus.
Oh God, I thank you, Lord, that You're stirring in doubling.
I see these demonic spirits around these castles.
I see these demonic spirits that have set in; they haven't been challenged.
And there's going to be greatness when the Spirit of the Lord comes in.
Father, you're going to see a great shaking even on these dark places, like a cemetery or a black castle.
For I see a dark place.
It looks like a castle.
The stone has turned kind of black-looking from moss and dirt.
On this, there's the top of a tower.
There's something in this tower-looking thing.
But it will start out, and the glory will come through these people.
I see the group of people again, and the glory will come through these people and great things—with a man being raised from the dead.
You're going to see great things, and the revival will spread throughout the land.
Lord, move on today.
Grow, grow, grow.
Thank you, Lord.
He's calling in intercessors.
The Lord said he's calling in greater intercessors.
He's calling them in.
It's all hands on.
Calling you to higher levels of prayer.
Bringing in new intercessors, prayer warriors—greater prayer warriors are coming to the kingdom of God.
He's calling them up.
Will you just yield to what he's asked you to do?
Yield your tongue over to the Lord and let him pray through.
Come up higher in your prayer life today.
There's much work that needs to be done, and this is where the battle is won.
He said there's much work to be done, for this is where the battle is won in prayer.
He's going to open up doors that seem impossible.
He's going to open up doors of financial outpouring that seemed impossible.
And you'll walk through, and there'll be plenty of provision for you.
This is for somebody who's trying to start up a church in Ireland.
It's about the money—not having enough money to do what you need to do in Ireland.
And you think, 'I'm broke.
I don't have nothing.
' But the Lord said he'll provide.
He's talking about prayer warriors rising up; let him pray through, and he'll open the doors of opportunity for you.
Provision will come.
It's the war room, it's the prayer.
This is the foundation: the word and the spirit.
The foundation is prayer.
Calling more prayer warriors up higher.
Not being begging believers, but believing believers.
Come up higher in your prayer life.
We thank you, Lord.
You're raising up the prayer warriors.
We're calling them forth in the name of Jesus.
Come up higher, to the throne of God, higher in your prayer life.
God's calling the prayer warriors.
A stirring, for out of your belly shall flow the rivers.
We're calling in the prayer warriors.
It's time to wake up.
Prayer warriors, come forth in the name of Jesus; come to pray.
We're calling in the intercessors.
Wake them up, Lord.
Today, row in the boat; it's all of us working together.
I see this big boat and those paddles in it.
Each prayer warrior is grabbing a hold of the paddle, and we're rowing together, making this big boat push through the water.
Every one of us is adding our supply.
As we're praying in the spirit and believing, we're rowing the boat where we need to in the end times, pushing this boat forward.
And as we're doing this, the Lord said, "Add more, for you have just a couple in there rowing and you're getting places.
" But the Lord said He's adding the supply of more prayer warriors.
Call the prayer warriors and the new believers to come forward and add your supply.
The boat's getting full, and as we're rowing together, we're getting much more accomplished, for many hands make light work.
We're adding our supply and stirring ourselves up.
We're praying as a family and rowing in these end times; the whole boat is the end-time church and movement.
The greater glory must be prayed through before we see the manifestations and the breakthrough.
The Lord said, "Add your supply.
" Every one of us is paddling, adding our supply.
The Lord said as we add our supply, we will see the breakthrough and manifestations of the greater glory, because it will be birthed in prayer.
What we want in the supernatural must happen there before we see it in the natural.
So we add our supply.
That's what the Lord is showing me right there.
We add our supply.
We call in the prayer warriors, not just in America, but in Ireland.
We call in the Ireland prayer warriors.
We call in England prayer warriors.
We call in Germany prayer warriors.
We call in Switzerland prayer warriors.
We call in every country over South America and Africa.
We call in Middle East and Asia prayer warriors, prayer warriors in the south and all over Australia.
And Father, we call them in.
We're calling them in, Father.
Even the Arctic, even the Eskimos.
We call in the prayer warriors.
And we add our supply.
We add our supply, for many hands make light work.
We're adding our supply.
We paddle, we're rowing in the Spirit.
We're calling in the unsaved.
We're calling in the prayer warriors.
We're calling in the glory.
We're calling in the manifestations of the glory.
We're calling in the manifestations and demonstrations of the glory, to see the dead raised, to see the blind eyes open, to see the deaf ears pop open, to see the lame walk and the mute to speak.
We call them in right now.
We call them in healed.
We call them in.
We call in the glory.
We're calling in the glory, Lord.
We call in the stirring in our churches.
We call our pastors to repent and to teach repentance again and to give altar calls and give people a chance to get born again.
We're calling in the glory.
We stir.
Clearly, we will flow.
Clearly, many will see.
He says, 'Many will see.
Many will see and they will fall to their knees.
For the glory is rested on you and me.
' Lord, we thank you.
Lord, use me, Lord.
Use me.
All 6,800, use me.
Use us.
Oh Father, we pray, Lord.
We stir ourselves up today.
We call in the fire.
We call in the greater glory over Australia and over New Zealand.
I see New Zealand.
The Lord said, 'A fire on New Zealand, a fire on New Zealand.
' I see one individual rising up in New Zealand.
I see one person with the Holy Ghost, and I see it spreading for them.
Will you just be that one?
It doesn't have to be a lot.
Just be that one.
I'll be your two.
He says, 'I'll walk with you.
I'll walk with you.
You're not alone.
' And I see revival coming to New Zealand.
I see revival.
And as it goes, there'll be this one adding their supply, and this one starts adding their supply, and all of them in there.
We're praying for this end-time outpouring, the end-time harvest of souls, and for people to come to the saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ.
We're calling them in, in Jesus' name.
For we will birth what's in the spirit realm in the natural.
We'll pray for you and we'll pray with you, Lord.
We yield ourselves over to you today.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that greater works will we do and we have great things in store.
We grab a hold of it and we pull it down.
We will have it.
And this is concerning the islands.
This is a great shaking in the islands—a great revival in the islands like Jamaica, St.
Martin, and St.
Thomas—a great revival in all the islands.
People say, 'Well, it's just a little population; there are only a couple tens of thousands of people there.
What does it matter?
' It matters.
The Lord wants revival in every place, every tribe, and every tongue.
He says, 'I want a revival everywhere for an opportunity to save that which was lost.
' And it must be prayed out and brought forth out of the realm of the spirit, tangible.
It's time to pray.
Calling in the intercessors and prayer warriors today, calling in the prayer teams for the prayer task.
It will be a sweatless work today—sweatless victories.
Sweatless, for you're leaning in him, trusting and abiding in him.
For if ye abide in me and my words abide in you, ask what you will.
If ye abide in me, hold fast to the word.
You must come before me every day.
If ye abide in me and my words remain in you, ask what you will.
Ask me and I'll give you the nations.
Hold fast to the islands, even Madagascar.
The Lord said, 'Even Madagascar.
' We're calling them in, Lord, all throughout Taiwan.
We're calling them in.
Thank you, Lord.
Revival is coming to Hawaii.
We call for revival on Hawaii, on Maui, and on Honolulu.
We call it in the name of Jesus over all the islands.
We call Hawaii saved in Jesus' name.
Hawaii, it's time for revival.
Hawaii, it's time for the Holy Ghost and fire.
Hawaii, that's interesting.
In the spirit, I see occultic stuff in Hawaii.
It's a kind of darkness that looks tribal.
We call it down.
It's demonic, almost like totem poles or some kind of weird demonic, Native American-like stuff.
There's darkness there in Hawaii; there's darkness on the islands.
And Lord, He's bringing clarity.
Lord, this is generational in Hawaii.
It's a way of thinking, a stronghold passed down from generation to generation.
The Lord said, "I'm calling on prayer warriors all throughout Hawaii.
" He's calling out prayer warriors over Hawaii.
There are stations of prayer warriors, but it's going to spread as the glory comes to Hawaii.
The Lord said He is calling 40 leaders.
I see these leaders; one looks very heavy.
The Lord said they are influential people in the Hawaiian community.
He's bringing forth influential people that the Hawaiian people will listen to; it's a cultural thing.
He said, "I'm bringing forth an influential Hawaiian man who has influence, and I'm going to get him saved.
" He has a big belly, and this man with great influence is about to get radically saved in the Hawaiian community.
He will have great influence, and you'll see this man get born again, and it will cause revival.
That's what the Lord says.
I see him.
It's a cultural thing.
The Lord said it's a cultural thing.
He's a dark-skinned man with dark hair, long hair.
He looks full Hawaiian, and his wife is too.
I see the wife and this influential man rising up.
The Lord said, "I'm going to use him to bring in a great harvest.
" I'm going to use this man to bring in a great harvest.
This man might have a semi-knowing of Jesus, but he's going to get radically saved.
And as I'm looking into this, I see a major volcano erupting on Hawaii.
A major volcano is going to erupt on Hawaii; a major one.
That's what the Lord said.
Hallelujah.
Glory to God.
We call it done, Lord.
We call him in, we call him saved, and we call them delivered.
Thank you, Lord.
That would be fun to go there.
We see the revival; we'll watch it happen.
It's going to be all over YouTube.
You're going to see these things.
Braden, I don't know who this is, but I'm excited about it.
You'll see it.
Thank you, Lord.
You'll bring it to pass.
Thank you, Lord, for everything you have in store.
We give you praise, Lord.
We give you glory.
For the Lord is good and his mercy endures forever.
Great is your faithfulness to us, oh God.
Breakthrough.
Calling it in.
Shaking of the nations, Lord.
Shaking of the islands, the glorious church, shaking them in Jesus' name.
Father, we give you praise for bringing it to pass.
Thank you, Lord, that you're bringing it to pass.
We believe Hawaii will be saved.
We believe Hawaii, Ireland, New Zealand, all the islands.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
Cuba, Jamaica will be saved.
The shaking of Jamaica, of Grand Cayman, we call them saved.
We call them delivered.
We call Haiti saved.
Puerto Rico; San Juan, Puerto Rico, we call them saved, delivered, and filled with the Holy Ghost.
We call it in the Bahamas.
We call the Bahamas radically saved, to have a major revival.
We call the Bahamas right now in the name of Jesus.
Bahamas, be filled with the Holy Ghost.
Bahamas, in the name of Jesus, all the islands will proclaim that Jesus Christ is Lord and he's coming back soon.
A major revival will happen in the islands.
Hallelujah.
Does everybody believe that today?
That's what I'm getting tonight.
The Lord said, "Pray over thee.
" And then again, we're calling in the islands; the people in them are not forgotten.
Well, they don't have very many people.
It doesn't matter.
He wants them all saved.
You say, "Well, they only have five million.
" It doesn't matter.
We want them all saved.
We're calling in the laborers.
That's what you're here for, and we're believing it together.
Isn't that amazing?
His heart is even for the small islands.
His heart is to believe for that which is lost on a little island.
Hallelujah.
Even on a little island, he's like, "Call them in.
Call them in.
St.
Martin, call them in.
Thomas, call them in.
" Brandon, I hear it, and I'm calling it.
We're calling in the prayer warriors.
We're calling in the warriors in the spirit.
Prayer happens as we're birthing it out of the spirit into the natural for the greatest, glorious church.
It's birthing in the spirit out of prayer.
And so that's what we're doing.
And I'm so thankful for every single one of you coming out tonight and praying with us.
Thank you for being here.
We've done a lot of work.
Hallelujah.
I get excited about it.
We're just a part; many hands make light work.
He's using every single one of us, and we keep our spot.
We're rowing the boat, we're rowing the boat, we're rowing the boat.
We're getting this end-time thing done.
We're going to get there, folks.
We're going to push this over, and the greatest revival we've ever seen.
He's calling in the lost.
His heart is for the lost; he is over the harvest, and he's leaving the 99 to go after the one.
Thank you, Lord.
We're helping him out.
Isn't that exciting to be a part of it?
Thank you, Lord, that we would be able to help you.
Hallelujah.
Well, did you get something out of that tonight?
Did you get blessed?
I did.
It's exciting to pray as a family.
So, we'll be back again.
We'll pray more.
Thank you for showing up.
Thank you for being here.
I know it's late, but we get lots done in the night.
Every single one of you showing up and coming and being serious and praying with me.
Almost 7,000 of you.
6,800 right now as we speak for what Braden showed me.
I'm so thankful for every one of you.
6,800 for two hours and 16 plus.
Glory to God!
All to His glory.
Thank you for being here.
Please help me.
Like, subscribe, and click the notification bell if you're here and you want to come back and pray with us.
Remember you have the notification bell to tell you when we're going to pray again.
If you want to find us, we're on X, Instagram, Facebook, and TikTok.
They're all in the descriptions down below.
You see it down there.
That's where you find my other channels.
Braden's working on the translation for the other channels.
So our South Korea channel is about to get their video and all these others.
We're so excited for those people who will pray with us now.
They're watching yesterday's video and praying for the nations with us.
Isn't that wonderful?
I feel like I've ran a marathon.
I told her when I get done, 'Okay, I have to sit down for a minute.
Push, push, push.
' We love you.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you and we'll see you again.